# Repo-24
Kevin Qian, Viet Huynh, Stephen Reyes
YMCA Volunteer Project
Problem Statement



	Before volunteers from YMCA can have their volunteer hours approved, they must record their work through the web-application service myVolunteer. This web-application is not intuitive for the general users and requires many time-consuming steps to complete. Volunteers must first navigate to the myVolunteer homepage and login before interacting with the home page of the site. Users have to navigate the site and scroll through multiple tabs before finding the right tab they need to find volunteer opportunities or record their hours for the events that they attended. Our solution for this tedious process is to create a mobile app, either on Android or iOS, that provides a simple platform connecting the user to their portal by creating a user interface that is easy-to-use and also leaves the user with a feeling of accomplishment.
In terms of login process, our application will enable users to login through Facebook or with their registered username and password. The concept of enabling a social media account allows users to stay logged in to the myVolunteer homepage as long as they are also logged in to social media. This allows for an easy transition between phone applications and also marketing on the social media platforms. Once logged in, users are brought to the home page interface that displays all previous activities that the volunteer has recorded previously in a list format. At the top of the home page, there will only be three tabs that list the main functions users use when they are on the myVolunteer page. The three tabs are, activities, hours log, and tasks list with the activities tab selected upon opening the application. Users can switch between tabs either by selecting the tab or swiping. Once users have selected their desired tabs, they will be able to enter and receive the same information as they would if using the website page. For the other functions on the website that are not included in the tabs, there will be a menu icon on the homepage that will display a menu list when selected. The menu list will showcase all other functions like such as personal reports and profile just like the website. Our aim when designing the layout of the application is to draw users to the most important functions and have them thinking that overall process was seamless and effortless. 


